[user-authn] Document Ingress auth-response-headers for sendAuthorizationHeader (#21343)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/150-user-authn/docs/FAQ.md

     applicationDomain: "app-name.kube.my-domain.com"
     # A parameter that determines whether to send the `Authorization: Bearer` header to the application.
     # This one is useful in combination with auth_request in NGINX.

>      # When sendAuthorizationHeader is true, add Authorization to the application's Ingress auth-response-headers (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # If sendAuthorizationHeader is set to true, add the Authorization header to to nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/auth-response-headers annotation of the application's Ingress.
```

{% endraw %}

{% alert level="warning" %}

> When enabling `sendAuthorizationHeader: true`, list all headers in the Ingress `auth-response-headers` annotation (by default, `Authorization` is not passed through):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting `sendAuthorizationHeader: true`, list all necessary headers in the `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/auth-response-headers` annotation of the Ingress, since the `Authorization` header is not transmitted by default:
```
